Damn you stinky woman finally showed up
The bone injury is really you
Master is me
The teacher said it was useless
Can't get revenge on you
Do you know how powerful my master is?
I'd like to see how good he can be
I turn on thumb permission
Hope you are lit
And the courage now
Not coming out, right?
Dad I'm sorry
I can't let innocent people get hurt
Can only go against your wishes
Your little memory
No hesitation
vulnerable
I hope you can let me
More interest
If I win
you
You are not allowed to step into the martial arts hall again
What are you talking about?
how
Mr. Saito doesn't even have that confidence
conscience
Wu Xiaojun
All stupid